projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "#projects"
---
## Tech

Unfortunately not a lot here at the moment, check out [my GitHub](https://github.com/george-richardson) for a few bits and bobs.

### terraform_s3_cloudfront_static_site

[A terraform module](https://github.com/george-richardson/terraform_s3_cloudfront_static_site) for creating static websites hosted in S3 and distributed through cloudfront. Perfect for use with site generation tools such as Jekyll (like this website). 

## Non-Tech

### HWAH Comedy

A friend and I have a comedy YouTube channel called [HWAH](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIFZsLnzYXQ9EXtsXbh7vVA). Here you can find my terrible acting and comedy writing skills. 

### GORM Podcast

I am passionate about RPGs and other tabletop games, in [GORM](https://gormpodcast.com/) two friends and I show this to the world by recording ourselves playing stupid one-shot RPGs. 

### Trackhammer

[Trackhammer](https://trackhammer.gjhr.me/) is a web page for tracking the progress of Warhammer 40,000 games. Find the code (there isn't much of it) on [GitHub](https://github.com/george-richardson/trackhammer).

Commit message:

Add link to route-ddns

projects.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "#projects"
---
## Tech

Unfortunately not a lot here at the moment, check out [my GitHub](https://github.com/george-richardson) for a few bits and bobs.

### terraform_s3_cloudfront_static_site

[A terraform module](https://github.com/george-richardson/terraform_s3_cloudfront_static_site) for creating static websites hosted in S3 and distributed through cloudfront. Perfect for use with site generation tools such as Jekyll (like this website). 

### route-ddns

[A ddns client written in go](https://github.com/george-richardson/route-ddns) that updates AWS Route53 records when a public IP address change is detected.

## Non-Tech

### HWAH Comedy

A friend and I have a comedy YouTube channel called [HWAH](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIFZsLnzYXQ9EXtsXbh7vVA). Here you can find my terrible acting and comedy writing skills. 

### GORM Podcast

I am passionate about RPGs and other tabletop games, in [GORM](https://gormpodcast.com/) two friends and I show this to the world by recording ourselves playing stupid one-shot RPGs. 

### Trackhammer

[Trackhammer](https://trackhammer.gjhr.me/) is a web page for tracking the progress of Warhammer 40,000 games. Find the code (there isn't much of it) on [GitHub](https://github.com/george-richardson/trackhammer).
